So there's this guy named Leopold
Ashbrer. He's 24 years old. And last
year when we covered him on one of our
old episodes, he was only 23. He was
managing a billion dollars and he was
responsible for investing in new
Frontier AI ideas and technologies.
Today that $1 billion one year later is
worth $5.5 billion. This guy who is
younger than both of us by a pretty
large margin just went on a generational
run that made him basically more money
than any other fund in the world of AI.
And the fact that AI is the hottest
market means the competition is stiff.
So clearly this guy Leupold, he's doing
something different than everyone else.
And what's just happened in the last
week is his new 13F filings came out so
we could actually get a look into what
he has been trading. So that's what
we're going to do here. We're going to
go through the filings. We're going to
see what this guy has been up to that
has yielded him 5.5 billion dollars of
money to manage. Now
>> he did this in in 12 months as well. Um
so his fund started at the end of 2024
at a ripe $255
million. Um and then within 6 months he
had uh outperformed the S&P 500 by eight
times growing it to $2 billion. Uh and
then since our last episode where we
spoke about his Q3 uh fund filings, he's
gone up $1.5 billion. So he's on a
generational run and like you said, he's
like super young. He's done a pretty
major pivot, but it's all in accordance
to, I guess, his bible, which is called
situational awareness, and it's 165page
essay where he basically predicts that
we're going to reach AGI by 2027. And in
this massive essay, he basically writes
a story of how he sees the AI revolution
unfolding. And I've got to say, he's
pretty much nailed it. he uh called the
GPU infrastructure run and now he's
calling a very important pivot that
we're about to get into.
>> Yeah, I think the entire thesis is a
pivot from kind of chips to
infrastructure and what we're seeing on
screen here. Actually, this is this is
very cool. EJ, we use Claude to create
an artifact that is going to walk us
through the entire change log that
happened between last year and this
year. Perhaps starting with what he
dumped because these positions that he
dumped were uh pretty large and these
include names like Nvidia where he
dumped $300 million in put options in
one quarter, right?
>> Yeah. Yeah. So, a lot of these names
that you're going to see on the
positions that he exited are very
popular names that a lot of people are
invested in right now. So, then it begs
the question, why has he just exited $1
billion worth of these companies? He's
dumped Nvidia, he's dumped Broadcom,
he's dumped TSMC, he's dumped Micron.
These are all the big AI infrastructure
companies. Um, he actually made money on
dumping Nvidia, by the way. He he yelled
a $300 million put position, which means
that because Nvidia price went down over
the last couple of months, he's likely
made money on it. And so, it begs the
question, why is he doing this? Well, if
you read his 165page essay, he talks
about how sometime in by the end of 2025
and the start of 2026, he thinks that a
lot of the market would have priced in
the value of GPUs. And that is coming
from companies like Nvidia and Broadcom
who kind of like create these chips and
then stack these chips ready for AI labs
like OpenAI and Anthropic to train their
models on. And now he moves his focus
onto the major constraint that investors
haven't really invested in just yet,
energy and infrastructure. The issue
that a lot of AI labs face today is one,
not only do they have too many GPUs, but
two, the energy grid that we have today
is built to serve humans and not the
massive AI demand that we face today.
And that's where his investments are
focused on. And I'm getting a kick out
of seeing the the Nvidia puts being sold
and just like exiting Nvidia entirely
because when I talk to my friends, when
I talk to average people on Wall Street,
when you turn on CNBC, Nvidia is the
company. Nvidia is the biggest
investment. And to see him pivoting away
from that, I think is a testament to him
just again being ahead of the curve,
moving to where things are going and not
where they have been, which in his mind
is this infrastructure. It's this moving
away from these ships into the info
play. And that's probably where we can
get into what he added because these are
the stocks that you want to pay
attention to. This is what he currently
owns. This is what he believes are going
to go up. And if it's true, we should
see some pretty hefty returns from
these. So, where do we start with the
additions this quarter? Well, thanks to
our friend Claude, we've got a really
neatly illustrated stack of all of his
investments bucketed into the AI
technology stack. So, we've got power
generation, real estate and facilities,
compute and hosting, connectivity,
storage and memory, chips and silicon.
Actually, I wanted to just round out the
last segment, Josh. I noticed that he
made a a trade on Intel down here, and
what he cleverly did was he sold the
equity. So, he sold the shares that he
has, but he still has a massive uh long
position open. So, he's kind of freed up
liquidity to shove money in other
companies. And the major companies that
he's put money into is power generation,
particularly this company called Bloom
Energy, which until about 3 months ago,
no one had really heard of, but um they
specifically build uh uh power
generation turbines that help you
generate power to power AI data centers.
And he's built a massive position in
this to the tune of $855
million. Maybe it says $876 here, but
the finding says $855. Bloom Energy
being the number one position is
different because it has absolutely
nothing to do with the chipsack and it
accounts for 20% of the entire
portfolio. And I was doing some research
on what they do and it's actually kind
of interesting. They create these like
oxide fuel cells which is a fancy way of
generating electricity on site from
natural gas. So a lot of times when
natural gas is fed into these data
centers, it has to go through a turbine
which like heats and cools things and
it's a very clunky uh energy creation
process. What these balloon boxes do is
they take that natural gas and have a
fuel cell that converts it right on site
to usable electricity for the data
centers and it's modular. It can be
deployed quickly and there doesn't seem
to be a shortage of it. I believe
they're set to create 2 gawatt of this
um just this year. So, it's an
interesting play on power because I was
looking for the Nvidia of energy like
who who is the chipmaker but for energy
and I don't believe there is one and
there's a world in which perhaps Bloom
could be that person. So, I actually
looked into their uh recent findings cuz
they're a public company. They have a 20
billion demand backlog. um their revenue
was up like something like 34% in 2025
and they're projecting another uh 40%
increase in 2026 after that um uh 2025
increase. So there's like no shortage of
demand. Um you mentioned fuel oxide
cells. The reason why their gas turbines
specifically are are super attractive is
you don't need to rely on the energy
grid for it. So I mentioned earlier like
right now we have an energy grid.
there's a lot of constraint being put on
there because humans need energy and so
do AI data centers. So it tends to drive
up the price of energy in the places
that those AI data centers are set up.
If you use something like um Bloom
Energy's gas turbines, you don't need to
rely on the energy grid at all. You just
kind of set it up right next to your AI
data center and hey presto, you now have
energy at a costefficient uh price that
you can now power to train or inference
any of your GPUs and your data center.
So Broadcom and companies like Coree are
going to need this. Uh, so hyperscalers
in general as well as AI labs. It kind
of reminds me of the uh I don't know if
you played Civilization uh ever, Josh. I
I feel like you did. It's we're kind of
like moving infrastructure and power
generation sources to your little uh
silo of settlement to kind of grow it.
And that's exactly what's happening
here.
>> Yeah. And I think like the obvious play
is that there is absolutely no shortage
of energy. So the question is who is
able to produce the most of it? And they
have this tremendously large backlog.
But I think the question is, can they
actually create enough to start putting
a dent into that backlog? The
manufacturing becomes the problem here.
And with a lot of these plays, we're now
moving into the world of Adams. We're
now moving into the world where
manufacturing actually matters. And I
would love to we'll do another deep dive
some other time to see if they're
actually capable of manufacturing at
scale. But that's the biggest one.
That's a 20enter. What else? What other
positions are noteworthy in this new
portfolio?
>> Well, he's added like I think $300
million worth of core. Can you explain
coreweave? Why coreweave is so important
here please for the people who aren't
familiar.
>> Okay so if you think about it if you're
an AI lab you need GPUs but it's one
thing buying the GPUs from a company
like Nvidia completely different beast
setting up those GPUs in rack servers
getting the electrical supplies getting
the technical engineering and expertise
to maintain your GPU servers the cooling
systems all that kind of stuff. So what
you could do is you could outsource it
to a company that is known as like a
NeoCloud. That's what Coreweee is. They
handle all of that for you. Broadcom
kind of does something like this, but
Core Weave was a smaller company that
specialized in this particularly during
the GPU gaming era and has now pivoted
to AI specifically. Leopold got in or
went in hard on Core Weeave. He added
$500 million at the end of Q3 in that
episode that we covered back then and
he's added another $300 million here.
But we're looking at what is potentially
an $800 million position in Coreweave.
Now the the story goes a little deeper
>> and that's 700% increase over the
>> literally literally but there's another
layer to the story where he also owns
around 10% of a company called Core
Scientific which is Coreweave's main
supplier to setting up energy grids. So
if you think about uh bets made in
investing, Leopold's probably made the
largest levered bet in core GPU
infrastructure in neoclouds like
coreweave as well as energy supply like
Bloom. So these are his two biggest
positions that he currently holds in his
fund right now.
>> And what I find interesting is he's
beginning to own enough percentage of
these companies to become an activist
investor to actually influence the
outcome of the companies, which I find
fascinating. And as I'm going through
this, I'm seeing I mean power generation
is a clear one, but the most positions
that he's added in particular is around
is so fascinating. Like 10 new positions
around real estate in general. And this
gets to I guess that the Bitcoin mining
play because what we're seeing here is a
lot of Bitcoin mining companies. And I
think this seems bizarre and a little
wrong. It's like, okay, well, crypto is
not doing super hot. Bitcoin isn't doing
well. Why is he buying all these Bitcoin
mining companies? And it's because they
own the two critical pieces of
infrastructure required for AI
buildouts. They have the real estate and
they have the power. Because I mean,
what does Bitcoin mining require? A
tremendous amount of energy and a lot of
space to put those GPU racks. And now
that Bitcoin mining is not on its way
out, but there are better riskadjusted
returns for that real estate. It seems
as if he's betting on the idea that
these Bitcoin mining companies are going
to either sell their rights and their
permits or just pivot to AI data centers
in general. To be clear, he does not
have any interest in mining crypto with
these companies. He's buying them for uh
their licenses. They have access to the
electrical grid. Usually, these kinds of
things take uh months or years to
attain. That's why although you see all
these major announcements from the likes
of Meta, Microsoft, and OpenAI saying,
"Hey, we've got $1.4 trillion worth of
compute partnerships signed, but you
don't see that translated into the
models that they're pushing out just
yet." That's why GPUs being pushed out
are always a generation behind. It's
because they don't get access to this
permitting. Leopold has sidestepped the
entire thing and is buying up these um
smaller companies that already have
access to it. And so he's like gutting
them completely of their crypto services
and just repurposing them for training
AI um models specifically and being that
provider for them. It's kind of like uh
if you take over a bar that already has
a liquor license um rather than applying
for a liquor license and waiting many
years to get it. It's it's just a hack.
It's pretty useful.
>> One of the things I've admired most, I
think, about the thesis that he's had
and just kind of watching it play out
over the last year is how simple and yet
effective it is. It's like, okay, like I
understand Bitcoin mining and obviously
they have permits and obviously they
have energy and obviously every AI
company wants this. Why would everyone
not be buying these things? And I think
the simplicity of these ideas is what
has kept a lot of people away from
investing. But over and over it
continues to be proven right. And
there's another um thesis that he had in
that early paper that we mentioned that
was 165 pages about some timelines
particularly around AGI which I thought
was interesting because this guy's
seemingly right about everything. Is he
right AGI by 2027? Are we actually going
to get that? And in order to answer this
prediction we have a poly market open
which is predicting whether OpenAI
announces it has achieved AGI before
2027. And I know the odds were against
Leopold when he raised this fund but
like man these odds are at 13%. So, it
seems like a stretch that he's actually
going to be getting AGI in 2027. And
maybe the investment thesis is right and
the timelines are slightly wrong. I
don't know. This seems like kind of in
insane. Yeah, it's like a it's a it's a
small percentage chance, but um I have
to say he's been he was originally
criticized for his essay being too
outlandish and inaccurate. A lot of some
like 50% of people thought that it would
be happening in the next couple of
months. Um a bunch of people said, "No,
this is going to happen until 2030."
He's the only guy who's had the
prediction that has been nailed so far.
He called out GPUs before there was a
GPU rush. Now he's calling out energy
infrastructure before there's an energy
infrastructure rush. So I think he's
ahead of it here.
>> Yeah, if if you believe he's right,
there's a lot to be made by pressing
that yes button on Poly Market. And
thank you Poly Market for sponsoring
this part of the show.
>> But it's not only long positions um that
he has. He's also short um a position
and it's particularly on one company. Uh
that company is Infosys. Um Infosys is
basically uh a company that specializes
in IT outsourcing particularly in India.
Um and their business model is
completely based on having cheaper labor
than you could get access to in Western
countries like America or Europe or
continents like Europe. So the point is
hey just outsource all your admin IT
stuff to us and we got you. And the bet
that I think he's seeing here is he's
seen the rise of products like Claude
code and GPT codeex 5.3 and he's
realized wow these models are actually
now good enough to automate not just
menial work but really important IT
processes and he's taken out a massive
short on this company. This to me is
like one of his more intellectual bets.
Um and it's it's more kind of current to
the trends that we're seeing right now.
So it's good to see him basically put
his money where his mouth is. It's so
fascinating going through this and
seeing the the kind of PCs play out. I'm
going to have to add some personally. I
mean, this may cause me to start
diversifying a little bit. And maybe I
mean, there has to be some issues with
this, right? Is like going through the
bull case, going through the bare case.
What is there to criticize and be
cautious of when you're getting into a
portfolio like this? And I mean, the
first thing that comes to mind is that
this is a 24year-old. And not to just
nothing against that because clearly it
hasn't worked against him, but I'm not
sure he's had I mean he certainly hasn't
had the experience that a lot of these
other investors have. Is that an
advantage? Clearly to some extent, but
at what point does that advantage kind
of crumble apart? If so, that seems to
be like one of the other the things I'm
concerned about. The other thing I'm
concerned about is that the fund is kind
of a single thesis bet where if AI
infrastructure and spending plateaus at
all or the macro environment turns every
position in this portfolio correlates to
the downside. There's not much hedging
against that. So there is some potential
for holes but nothing previously has
signaled that this is going anywhere but
up only.
>> Yeah. I mean, if you look at some of the
most famous investors of our time, it
was never about the largest amount of
money that they made in a single year or
a single quarter, it's always just been
about consistent returns year upon year,
decade upon decade that has compounded.
Leopold has had an amazing start and
he's beaten the above uh he's he's above
average for any kind of hedge fund based
in any sector versus just AI, but he's
yet to prove himself on a multi-deade
kind of time span. So, so time will
tell. All I will say is um for someone
who's got fired from OpenAI as an I
believe he was an alignment researcher,
but for someone who's had like major
insight um and had the biggest or
boldest prediction as to where AI is
going, he's been the only one to to kind
of nail it so far. So, he's gone full
conviction into his 165page thesis,
which I presume he put a lot of thought
into, and it's paying off for him now.
Now, will that change in the future?
Maybe. But what you could treat these
filings and these investments as is kind
of like a real time tracker of where he
sees the constraints in this AI race.
And I want to emphasize this point for a
second. Originally his fund thesis was
GPUs. People are going to need GPUs and
people are underpricing that
opportunity. Now he's saying that
opportunity is not overpriced but it's
it's market priced in and now he sees
the constraint pivoting or moving
towards energy infrastructure. You've
got the likes of Elon Musk that is
launching data centers into space. Why?
Because there's more energy in the sun.
You've got everyone for the likes of
Google, uh, Meta, uh, Broadcom, Nvidia,
all of them are kind of investing in
data centers or data center
infrastructure that gets access to these
electrical grids. And he's just putting
what money where that demand is. And I
think it's a smart move.
>> Yeah, I was uh I read this great post by
Naval the other day. I forget exactly
what it said, but the idea of it was
that um basically software companies who
only rely on software
>> are going to have a very difficult time
in the future because it's so easy to
actually create and generate custom
software. And I think what this pivot is
reflective of, not only specifically
around um building the architecture, but
just bets on the physical world and bets
on actual manufacturing and bets on
factories and bets on energy and
infrastructure, things that can't be
built using AI, things that actually
need human horsepower, like things that
need to be built, things that need
permits, things that need legislation.
This is like the hard physical energy
and infrastructure required. And I think
that tracks to kind of where the future
is going. Energy is the one thing that
no one could get enough of. And I mean
that power generation play, the real
estate play, it's all around one thing.
It's just powering the future. We saw
through the last earning season $650
billion committed to capex from just a
couple companies like Google, Amazon, um
Nvidia, or not Nvidia, but whoever else
is going to be paying Nvidia. And I
think it's a testament to just how much
money is going to be thrown at solving
this problem. And this portfolio is
ready to capture all of that upside.
It's really pleasing to see someone make
trades at the right time in the right
places. Um, he has made some what you
would consider risky bets. Like again,
not many people have heard about Bloom
Energy unless you're like deeply within
the energy infrastructure place, but
they're kind of like a second maybe
considered first tier energy company.
Um, but specifically used for their
portable energy. So like he kind of put
these two puzzle pieces together and
thought, "Yeah, electrical grids aren't
going to support this, so let me invest
in this company." and he just goes in
with full conviction, right? We're
talking about almost like a fifth of his
entire portfolio in this one position.
So, extremely concentrated, high risk,
high conviction, but if it does pay off,
that's what ends up in these kind of
like 4.5 to 5x returns from just a year
and a half ago,
>> man. And we just got to respect respect
it, man. Like 1 billion to to 5 and a
half in a year.
>> No, I'm not salty at all, Josh. I'm not
salty at all that I'm older than him.
And
>> I will say my portfolio has not done as
well as his. So perhaps we should be
taking our own advice and start copy
trading because like clearly this guy is
seeing something with the clarity that
we are lacking or at least the
conviction that we have not been able to
place in our actual trades. But that is
the update on Leopold's portfolio. I
mean it's it's an amazing
>> feat that he's managed to do and it
seems directionally correct again like
this new pivot to hardware to
infrastructure to energy. Um super
bullish. I'm not sure there's really any
other things to be said other than if
you agree with the portfolio. I mean,
not financial advice. This is just this
dude's uh portfolio, but it seems like
it is promising and it is poised to do
very well this year. And yeah, that's
the update on Leopold.
>> Yeah, I'm curious what uh our listeners
think. You guys have been extremely
active in comment sections on platforms
like Spotify, uh Apple, as well as
YouTube. Please keep the comments in
coming. Uh, I'm curious whether you
think our investment analysis here is
professional grade, Leopold, Ashen
Brener grade, or if you think we're
completely incorrect and we're missing
an obvious story.
>> You know what I want? I want I want
their number one top stock pick of the
year.
>> Yes.
>> Leopold's throwing it down on Bloom
Energy. I want to know what is your
Bloom Energy? Like what's the what's the
thing that we're missing that we need to
know about that is going to 5x again
this year? That's
>> help Josh and I like make better
portfolio returns in this 24. Love that.
Yes, please. scrolling through the
comments. Everyone wins if you pick a
winner. So, pick a winner, drop it in
the comments, share it with your friends
along with this episode. Subscribe to
our Substack newsletter, which is coming
out again, I think, the day you're
listening to this.
>> Um, EZ is writing the piece for this
week. It's very cool. Every Friday, we
release a newsletter updating everything
that happened this week. And we are now
doing a little more episodes, possibly
four episodes per week now. So, we're
going to keep this train going. Thank
you so much for your support. Thank you
so much always for sharing, for giving
us five star ratings. And yeah, we'll
see you guys in the next episode.
>> See you guys.